SCOPE: One small dimension tweak to the TRY AN EXAMPLE scroll container. Reduce its height so it occupies less vertical space — the scroll behavior already handles the rest of the cards, so the container doesn't need to be tall.

CURRENT STATE
The scroll container is currently ~440px tall, showing roughly 3.5 cards before the mask-image fade. This makes the right side of the page heavy and pushes the visual balance off.

THE CHANGE
Reduce the scroll container height from 440px to 300px. That should expose roughly 2 to 2.5 cards at a time, with the mask-image fade clearly indicating more cards exist below.

   .start-from-scroll-container {
     height: 300px;   /* was 440px */
   }

Everything else stays identical:
- Card dimensions, padding, min-height (120px), and internal spacing — unchanged.
- Hidden native scrollbar, hairline rail with terracotta scroll-position thumb, L-shaped corner brackets — all unchanged.
- Mask-image radial-gradient fade at top and bottom — unchanged.
- "SCROLL FOR MORE" footer label below the container — unchanged.

CHECK BEFORE SHIPPING
- scrollHeight of the container's inner content should still exceed the new 300px height (verify in DevTools: scrollHeight > 300). If it doesn't because of how many cards are present, the scroll won't engage — confirm at least 2 cards are partially clipped at the bottom edge when the page loads.
- The mask-image fade at the bottom should remain visible — it's the cue that more cards exist below.

VERIFICATION
1. Reload landing page. Confirm the TRY AN EXAMPLE container is visibly shorter — roughly 2 full cards visible plus a partial third one fading into the bottom mask.
2. Scroll inside the container. Confirm the cards still scroll smoothly and the terracotta thumb on the right rail still moves.
3. Confirm the page's overall vertical balance feels more even between the left (Describe your agent) block and the right (TRY AN EXAMPLE) block.
4. Confirm the bottom mask-image fade is still visible — it should not be cut off.