SCOPE: One small layering fix on the BLUEPRINTS section. The runtime tab strip (Codex / Claude Code / OpenClaw) is currently being visually cut by a decorative terracotta line that crosses behind/through it. The tabs should sit cleanly below the section's horizontal hairline, with the decoration kept fully behind them — no decoration line should appear to slice across the tab cards.

THE PROBLEM
On the screenshot, the curving terracotta decoration streak runs diagonally across the area where the three tab cards live. Because the tab cards have a slightly translucent or near-transparent background, the decoration line reads as cutting through them. It looks like a layering bug.

THE FIX — two small changes

1) Give the tab cards a solid surface
Each runtime tab trigger (Codex, Claude Code, OpenClaw) must have a fully opaque background. Use --surface-card (the existing cream card token) at full opacity — not a translucent rgba value. This alone will block any decoration sitting behind from showing through.

   .runtime-tab {
     background: var(--surface-card);
     /* if there's an existing translucent value, remove it */
   }

2) Push the decoration layer below the tab strip in stacking order
The abstract decoration SVG/divs should have z-index: 0 (or negative) and the blueprint content wrapper should have position: relative; z-index: 1 so it stacks above. If z-index is already correct, the issue is the translucent card fill — fix (1) handles it.

ALSO — spacing under the "— 3 RUNTIMES" hairline
The hairline that runs under "Three runtimes ready to export — 3 RUNTIMES" should have clear breathing room before the tab strip. Add 24px of margin-top between the hairline and the tab strip container. The "Choose your setup — pick the runtime you want to build with." italic helper sits in that gap.

The order vertically (top to bottom) should be:
   III. BLUEPRINTS label
   Three runtimes ready to export (heading)
   — 3 RUNTIMES (mono caps)
   [hairline]
   24px gap
   Choose your setup — pick the runtime you want to build with. (italic, centered)
   16px gap
   [tab strip — Codex / Claude Code / OpenClaw, fully opaque cards]

VERIFICATION
1. Reload the results page. Confirm the three tab cards have a fully opaque cream surface — no decoration line shows through any card.
2. Confirm the horizontal hairline under "— 3 RUNTIMES" runs across the full width cleanly and is NOT crossed or interrupted by any tab card sitting on top of it.
3. Confirm the helper sentence "Choose your setup..." sits cleanly between the hairline and the tab strip with comfortable spacing on both sides (not crammed against either).
4. Confirm decoration blobs and the curving terracotta lines are still visible at the edges of the screen — this fix should NOT remove the decoration, only push it firmly behind the tab strip.